the word of the Lord that came to
the word of the Lord that came to Jeremiah the Prophet against the
Jeremiah the Prophet against the
Jeremiah the Prophet against the Philistines before Pharaoh attacked Gaza
Philistines before Pharaoh attacked Gaza
Philistines before Pharaoh attacked Gaza thus says the Lord behold waters rise
thus says the Lord behold waters rise
thus says the Lord behold waters rise out of the north and shall be an
out of the north and shall be an
out of the north and shall be an overflowing flood they shall overflow
overflowing flood they shall overflow
overflowing flood they shall overflow the land and all that is in it the city
the land and all that is in it the city
the land and all that is in it the city and those who dwell within it then the
and those who dwell within it then the
and those who dwell within it then the men shall cry and all the inhabitants of
men shall cry and all the inhabitants of
men shall cry and all the inhabitants of the land shall wave at the noise of the
the land shall wave at the noise of the
the land shall wave at the noise of the stamping hooves of his strong horses of
stamping hooves of his strong horses of
stamping hooves of his strong horses of the rushing of his chariots at the
the rushing of his chariots at the
the rushing of his chariots at the rumbling of his wheels the fathers will
rumbling of his wheels the fathers will
rumbling of his wheels the fathers will not look back for their children lacking
not look back for their children lacking
not look back for their children lacking courage because of the day that comes to
courage because of the day that comes to
courage because of the day that comes to plunder all the Philistines to cut off
plunder all the Philistines to cut off
plunder all the Philistines to cut off from tyre and sidon every helper who
from tyre and sidon every helper who
from tyre and sidon every helper who remains but the Lord shall plunder the
remains but the Lord shall plunder the
remains but the Lord shall plunder the Philistines the remnant of the country
Philistines the remnant of the country
Philistines the remnant of the country of calf tar baldness has come upon Gaza
of calf tar baldness has come upon Gaza
of calf tar baldness has come upon Gaza Ashkelon is cut off with a remnant of
Ashkelon is cut off with a remnant of
Ashkelon is cut off with a remnant of their Valley how long will you cut
their Valley how long will you cut
their Valley how long will you cut yourself
yourself
yourself oh you sword of the Lord how long until
oh you sword of the Lord how long until
oh you sword of the Lord how long until you are quiet put yourself up into your
you are quiet put yourself up into your
you are quiet put yourself up into your scabbard rest and be still how can it be
scabbard rest and be still how can it be
scabbard rest and be still how can it be quiet seeing the Lord has given it a
quiet seeing the Lord has given it a
quiet seeing the Lord has given it a charge against Ashkelon and against the
charge against Ashkelon and against the
charge against Ashkelon and against the seashore there he has appointed it
seashore there he has appointed it
seashore there he has appointed it [Music]